You came just in time for them to hit me
Who doesn't know that I'm hanging out with you?
They beat me because they don't take you seriously
Don't worry no matter who it is
Make sure he can't eat and walk around
Are you listening?
I tell you it was a slap in the face of the Dongxing consortium
Hmph, what are you fighting with me?
Ah!
Okay, even my people dare to touch
I'd like to see who has such great courage
Stay safe
Secretary Yang
How are you
This young master
Is he yours too?
No no no no
This kid
Cheating in my name
I didn't expect to provoke the young master on your head
Damn it
It's not this kid, it's Wan Shao
Hey, blind your dog eyes
Hurry up and apologize to the young master